This site is designed to teach people about the dangers of malware, identity theft, tracking, fingerprinting, hacking and more. Due to the rapid improvements in technology in recent years, it is vital to educate people about the dangers of the internet and the malicious content on it. Hacking is a very real threat, and it will only continue to become more common as more of our lives depend on the internet. You can use the navigation bar above to learn more about the topics covered on this site.

I made this site for three main reasons.
For starters, I have seen more and more people falling victim to phishing, scams and other malicious acts on the internet. Hopefully if this site can be seen by some people, I can at least know I made an impact and that those people now know how to protect themselves better.

Secondly, I love programing and I could do with learning more about how HTML, Javascript and CSS interact and can be used to make stuff like this. That's why I made some weird choices and thousands of mistakes when developing this site. But I learned from every one of these. On the 8th of September, I will be open-sourcing this website, so others can see how it was made and learn from it.

And finally, I made this website to enter the Premier's coding challenge. However, I just want to note that I am entering this competition not for any prize or recognition, but because I want to "engage with tech experts to develop their talent and awareness of future pathways." Sure, a prize would be cool but what really matters to me is the programming itself. I would like to work in software development, (I could improve Daymap lol) or work at the [ASD](https://www.asd.gov.au) It would be incredible to get to talk to experienced people about my career and possibly even see what it is like to work at some of these jobs.

And to be honest, I've cried myself to sleep from exhaustion while trying to get this in on time (lol the times of my commits say it all). But if wrangling CSS for hours on end is what it takes, so be it. Software doesn't develop itself, you know.